Don't let any of those things get away, Morty.
If their DNA gets in Earth's food chain, our entire species could be sterilized.
Then why aren't we killing them?
Right.
Next time I need a species sterilized who's going to do it for me.
You?
Whoa, Rick!
Is that the Vindabekan?
We're being called to assemble by the Vindicators!
I refuse to answer a literal call to adventure, Morty.
Let it go to voicemail.
Rick!
The Vindicators only call when the universe itself is at stake.
They're the first line of defense against evil.
They're the guardians of the unguarded.
They're the writers of their own press releases, Morty.
There are a bunch of drama queens that spend an hour talking and 20 minutes jumping around
while shit blows up.
They're a phase.
We did one.
It was the big event of that summer.
Let it die.
Aye, Morty Smith, invoke my right to choose one in every ten, Rick and Morty Adventures.
Read them in a week.
Fucking dammit.
Fine, but don't say I didn't warn you.
Yes!
Vindicator Command Ship, peek and received.
We're doing Vindicators too!
Whoops.
Uh, Morty, you might want to freeze some sperm.
Vindicators, take your time.
Vindicators, world-ender is back and this time he's out to end more than worlds.
We have reason to believe his stronghold is located on-
My balls, Rick!
The Terrania system, once in range, million ants will scan for pheromone activity which
should lead us to the location of the phase.
Oh, that's million ants.
I can't see the ants from over here.
I just assumed that was a turd man, wiggly turd man.
Rick, stop!
Rick, you have something to add to the briefing?
Uh, yeah, just a few more design notes.
Um, this guy, the, the uh...
I am Crocubot.
Right, Crocubot.
So you're half cold, unfeeling reptile, half also cold, equally unfeeling machine.
Yes.
Wow.
So your origin is what?
You fell into a vat of redundancy?
Goddamn!
Noob, noob, we're having a briefing.
If I can continue, Rick, I anticipate sophisticated security measures.
I trust you can be of service there?
Well, let me check my list of powers and weaknesses.
Ability to do anything, but only whenever I want.
Yeah, it sounds like a job for me.
I wish he had the ability to check his attitude.
Alan Rails, ladies and gentlemen, after his parents' tragic death in a railroad accident,
he gained the power to summon ghost trains.
It's not all bad, though.
They were spared having to see their grown son wear a whistle.
Goddamn!
Thanks, Noob, Noob.
This guy gets it.
See, it's Maximus Renegade Star Soldier.
Sorry I'm late.
It was happy hour.
Happy hour.
Uh, I was also late because of my drinking and mentioned it to zero applause.
Rick Sanchez, tinker of terror.
Man, that's hard to say.
And Morty, right?
Whoa, yeah.
I never forget a kid.
What do you say, Vindicators?
Let's make this three for three.
All right.
Did he say three for three?
Did he say he never forgets a kid?
You mean two for two, right, Vance?
Actually, we assembled a second time last summer to fight Doom Nomitron.
So this is Vindicators 3?
And you guys did Vindicators 2 without us?
I sense insecurity.
Are you sure there's not just a picnic nearby?
I guess he found his crowd.
Pretty cute stuff, guys.
I hope you're happy with the adventure so far, Morty.
These guys are even lammer than last time.
We weren't here last time, remember?
They did a whole Vindicators without us.
A bunch of them got killed, too.
They lost Lady Katana, Calypso, Diablo Verde.
Yikes.
Yeah, things did feel less diverse in there.
This article says the reason we weren't involved was personality conflicts.
Don't worry, Morty.
They love you.
Superheroes need a wide-eyed, unremarkable to tag along and react to everything like it's mind-blowing.
I think the personality conflict might have been you?
Jesus.
How awesome is that?
I mean, they wanted to not need me so bad.
They murdered three innocent heroes of color and they still had to bring me back.
Rick, since it's my adventure and all, could you do me a favor?
The adventure is the favor, Morty.
Me sleeping on these Lenons is the favor.
I mean, what are we vindicating?
Comfort?
Rick, this really bums me out.
It's embarrassing to find out these guys don't like us.
Why?
Morty, defeat Gagoo is more powerful than these guys every week.
Yeah, but not heroes.
Oh, please.
They just call themselves heroes so they can...
I'm calling them that, Rick.
They're my heroes.
Mine.
Huh.
No accounting for taste.
I'm gonna go get a drink.
Good morning, Vindicators.
Ship has arrived at Taranium System.
All Vindicators report to the... briefing room.
The room from the... it's a different room than... conference room.
I'm sorry, it's my first day as a PA system.
First-day jitters.
Oh, God.
Good morning.
Looks like your grandpa had a long night.
Krocubot, why don't you escort Mr. Sanchez to a more comfortable room?
So that someone can... clean up his diarrhea.
I'm nervous about my first mission.
Actually, Nuve Nuve, you have a new mission.
God damn...
Vindicators, prepare for arrival.
Morty, the Vindicators and I had a chat this morning, and I'm afraid we need to make a little change.
I totally get it.
I'm so sorry.
You should be.
Running around in a yellow t-shirt like you're not one of us.
This is graceful.
I'm not a superhero.
Capesquat, chief, everyone in the universe is a hero.
All you have to do is know the difference between good and bad, and root for good.
Rick says good and bad are artificial constructs.
Yeah, well, I get the feeling... he kind of needs that to be the case.
Not coming, Nuve Nuve?
Huh?
Oh, no, I got stuff to do here.
Security drones inbound.
Star Mother, grant me your wrath, wrath, wrath.
All aboard!
Gun turret.
Are you alright?
Yes, I only lost 400 ants.
My queen is laying more.
I am back to one million ants.
Someone wake up, Sanchez.
Oh, Christ!
Rick, you're up.
Barely.
We're taking fire from an automated turret.
Can you bring it offline?
Uh-huh.
Oh, my God, that's better.
Rick!
Hey, I can't help if I can't see.
I could have just used a ghost train.
Really? You don't say.
You would have used a ghost train.
Hey, everybody, the ghost train guy would have used a ghost train.
Man, fuck you.
Is there coffee?
Hey, Morty, can you be a pal?
Grandpa left his coffee maker on the ship.
You know the French press thing?
Get it yourself.
Little extra snippy this morning, aren't you?
Just focus on the mission, alright?
Oh, oh, oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, you're right.
Oh, real serious.
Gotta take it real serious, huh?
Son of a steam engine.
They're all dead.
Why would World Ender do this to his own men and several women?
Well, he is the World Ender.
Guy ends worlds, kind of his thing.
Oh, real scared.
Real fucking on alert.
High alert over here.
What the hell?
What the fuck?
It's World Ender.
What happened to him?
Oh.
I sense his life force is fading.
Million ants, ladies and gentlemen.
The ant colony with the power of two human eyes.
Alright, short mission. Good mission.
Remember when Alan wanted to use a ghost train?
See you guys at Vindicators 4.
Morty?
Rick, whoever did this is an even bigger threat than World Ender.
We can't leave now.
He's right.
This is far from over.
Well, have fun with that, but Morty and I have to meet a lady comet,
a monorail man, two assholes, and a full alligator in like an hour.
Shit.
I sense the presence of a greater evil.
Check, check. One, two.
Okay.
Super quick. Good.
Hello, Vindicators.
Welcome to your reckoning, baby.
Well, it's official.
I had too much to drink last night.
You guys are watching this?
You're, you know, the Vindicators.
So now that we know the...
Rick.
What's going on, buddy?
Obviously, I came here last night during a blackout.
Obviously?
You came here and defeated our arch nemesis?
Well, so drunk, you don't remember doing it?
That's something obvious to you?
Look, I'm a little more complex than you guys and no offense,
but I've always suspected that a lot of what you do in a year
could be knocked out in a couple of hours.
So I thought, why not just do your job for you
so we can have a little fun game?
Rick, is this a song?
No, it's not.
It's a song.
Rick, is this a saw thing?
Are you seriously sawing the Vindicators?
Morty, I'm a drunk, not a hack.
You break the rules, lose the game, we're trying to leave.
You will die, like in...
Saw.
Well, I think we've seen enough.
I'll just figure out how to unplug this.
Okay, here we go.
Room number one, the Vindicators are known throughout the galaxy,
but do they know yourselves?
Do you know yourselves?
Match your shit, your gimmicks with your faces,
and you get it.
It's a matching thing.
And do it in three minutes or you'll all die.
Screw this, I'm not playing his game.
I'm gonna find us a way out of here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, Vance.
He said you'd die if you tried to leave.
That means there's booby traps.
Why are you acting like that's not you?
We're part of blackouts, don't you understand?
I thought you drank.
Like cool drinking, like sexy drinking.
Not this psycho trailer park shit.
Vance, stay calm.
So you're the leader now because we gave you a jacket?
You're the learning disabled kid we do photo ops with.
Okay, ouch, but...
Okay, this is triggering me.
I need space.
I need space from this.
Give me one reason why I shouldn't crush your windpipe.
Because my epic dermis is laced with a nanofiber defense mesh.
And because, like I said, I don't remember last night.
I told you not to invite this mummified motherfucker back.
Alan, I'm not proud of what's happening here,
but if you keep coming at me,
there's gonna be another passenger on that ghost train.
Guys, I figured it out.
Congrats, you did it.
It is a bit.
All of the descriptors apply to all of you.
Drunk Rick's point is that none of you are very special or different.
That's always his point.
Let's just get through this as quickly as possible.
Then we'll deal with the two of you.
The two of us?
I hope you're proud of yourself.
Uh, I kind of am.
I saved the goddamn universe.
That's not the issue, Rick.
Uh, it would have been if I hadn't.
The vindicators say their job is to fight evil wherever it hides,
but they don't pick the location you'll...
you'll never hear them even mention,
because to fight darkness is to fight yourself.
Oh, I know this.
Dorian Five.
Crock-a-bot, don't.
There's no other possible answer.
My mechanical and reptilian logical circuit method.
Oh!
Huh. I'm seeing more croc than bot here.
God damn it.
Uh, what happened on Dorian Five?
Nothing.
Nothing?
We exterminated a planet.
Wait, huh?
Doom-nomatron was hiding there.
He's a shapeshifter.
Destroying Dorian Five was the only way to kill him.
Come on, guys. We're all thinking it.
Don't...
Don't make me say it.
Oh, okay. This again?
You know, I could have made you a device to detect doom-nomatron from orbit like that.
I'm not the one that didn't want you back.
Alan was.
If you lay those bets in my doorstep one more time.
Do not threaten her.
Congrats! You did it!
What the hell is Israel?
It's just something Rick starts talking about when he's blackout.
What? In what way? What's my point?
In a way that has no point?
You just babble about defense budgets in the United Nations and then you pass out.
So, to be clear, I sometimes reference the geopolitical complexities of the topic,
which is not the same as going to an anti-Semitic place.
I have no stake in this.
I don't either. I'm just saying, if anything, the drunk version of me is probably so supportive of Israel.
He wants what's best for it and...
Hey, man. I'm not touching this. You do you.
You do you.
Aloha means hello in Kauai in Hawaii, but...
uh, aloha means has nothing to do with this room.
Oh, I'm so fucking drunk.
Okay, here's the deal. I want to rest my eyes for a little bit.
I'm not going to sleep. I just need to rest my eyes.
So, let's make this one simple. Just try to hit some three-pointers.
Let's say you've hit five three-pointers in five minutes or I don't know,
the whole place with the whole planet will get blown up with a neutrino bomb.
And try to make it a lesson about yourselves, like how selfish you are or something.
Also, Hawaii...
You guys hit the baskets. I'll disarm the drunkenly improvised neutrino bomb.
There's a 40% chance it's a dud, but you should still stay back.
Woody, how many of these...
Too many, Rick! Too many!
Man, I am really getting high-roaded today.
That's a three-pointer!
Nice shot.
Thank you.
You two make quite a team.
We all do.
Yeah, I guess.
That's a three-pointer!
You guys have always had an unspoken bond.
I mean, really unspoken.
Like, let's not tell my husband unspoken.
We aren't married anymore, Alan.
Sure, but were we married when you two were stranded on Delphi six for three days?
Because I sensed something was weird when you came back.
But what do I know about sensitivity?
I'm just a fan of train conductor.
You're the pile of ordinary bugs that fucked my wife!
That's a three-pointer!
Where the fuck is the lead wire?
Who's put it in the weirdest place? Over here, maybe?
Jesus Christ, what a shitty neutrino bomb.
It's a miracle I ever actually destroy anything.
Oh, I don't know.
You managed to destroy just about everything today.
The villains, the heroes, the lines between them, my childhood.
Thank you.
I appreciate it, Morty.
I know you were sucking the Kool-Aid out of the Vindicators' dick, so...
The fact that I was right about them must be pretty hard to admit.
Yeah, it is.
You know why, Rick?
Because when you're an asshole, it doesn't matter how right you are.
Nobody wants to give you the satisfaction.
I know.
Everyone wants people they like to be right.
That's why popular people are fucking dumb.
And why your pretentious, poorly written, high-budget friends back there can eat a double-decker shit sandwich.
Disarmed.
Holy shit, you're jealous!
Yes! Is that what you want to hear?
Did it feel good?
Did you like his six million wriggling legs more than my tragic, stricken half-ghost half-too-massive penis?
I saw! You just written my asshole grandpa right!
Wish this was about sex.
We loved each other.
We had a child together.
What?!
We conceived a child with million ants and it died inside me because it was half a million ants and half a collapsing star!
And yes, he was better than you.
Yeah?
One million times better.
All aboard, motherfucker!
Stop!
Whoa. Didn't see that coming.
Is that sarcasm?
I don't want you slipping away when this is over.
All of these deaths are on your hands.
Okay, come on. Maybe a couple of them, but definitely not the train guy.
All of them.
Okay.
Congrats, you did it!
Alright, by now I've been pretty clear that I think the vindicators are full of shit, but you do have one thing that I'll never have.
And that thing is the only part of the vindicators with any value to me.
If you know what it is, place it on the platform.
Guess wrong and the planet will explode and probably the solar system because I kind of fucking eyeballed the neutrino bombs on this one.
So what's the trick? Morty, you're the drunk Rick expert?
I think no matter what we put on there, we die.
He said it's the part of the vindicators he values. That means nothing.
He wants our last moment alive to be spent knowing how few fucks he gave.
Jesus! Okay, open to second opinions.
It could be Morty.
What?
I don't know. I mean, look, when I get drunk, I get stupid and emotional and there's no logic to it.
It's like, it's possible I got so drunk I felt like I was losing Morty to the vindicators and maybe this is my way of saying okay, you can have him, but only if you know how important he is, otherwise he'll kill you.
That is a really specific guess.
Look, there's nothing in the room but us. I'm just using logic to connect some dots. It's the best guess I've got.
But you're betting our lives on it.
I'll cover that bet. I get it.
Well, Morty, I think you're doing that smirky face because you're misinterpreting the moment.
I am not being coy about some hidden love for you.
I want to be really clear that if anyone has a better guess, like if I gave you an amulet last night or...
Oh shit.
Sorry, I'm not good at goodbyes and I'm drunk, so, you know, it just...
It looks like I'm never gonna see you again.
I can't really roll with the hero types and I don't...
They don't want me around, but I want you to know, even if I didn't show it at the time, I really appreciate you sticking by me.
God damn it. Why am I crying?
It makes no sense.
You're probably confused because we barely know each other, but you really stuck your neck out when you gave me props for my awesome jokes in the briefing room.
Everybody else had their heads so far up their ass even my own grandson is like, oh, the vindicator is so cool.
I mean, he's a moron. That's their demographic, but you're different, noob, noob.
Motherfucker.
You're fucking cool and you're smart and I bet we could have hung out and shit.
I hope you get to be a full-fledged vindicator and do me a favor.
Don't let him know it. I got emotional, but you can tell him one thing.
Tell him I said...
Oh, fuck, okay. I just shit myself. Okay, later.
Dude, Morty, what happened to you?
Shut up!
I sense this means we are not dying.
Not all of us.
Sweetheart.
Just let Tiddi Bean do this, snuzzles. It's for the greater good.
It's like you said, Morty. There's no right or wrong.
Never said that.
It's the galaxy's faith in the vindicators that keeps the galaxy secure.
Yeah, I feel safer already.
No doubt. Who do we make the check out to?
I will say we are getting some good licks in while choking to death, right?
Tiddi Bean, listen to me. When you came to me, I was merely a sentient colony of ants.
It was your beliefs, your pursuit of justice that taught me to be a man.
When did it get so complicated?
Who knows, but we can make it simple again.
You were always the romantic, which is why you can't leave either.
I'm sorry, my love.
Damn, she double-crossed, nozzle!
Silence! I'm going to enjoy this.
Let's give a huge thanks to Rick Zages for killing World Ender, putting this awesome party together,
and for booking one of the hottest talents out there, Lodzik!
Aww, yeah!
Look at that!
Geez, I must have planned a whole party.
Invited a bunch of people. Not bad, drunk Rick. Not bad.
Rick, Supernova's getting away!
Yeah, who cares?
But she was trying to kill us!
More than 20 people try to kill me every week.
I ain't up getting high with half of them.
I mean, check it out, gear heads here.
Well, that's gonna shoot through me.
What are you running a vindicator, Jack?
Are you a little superhero now?
Everyone in the universe is a hero, mom, which is why we don't need jackets,
and I'm pretty sure we don't need vindicators.
Don't mind if I do.
Hey, everybody! Look who's the vindicator!
Man, Grandpa Rick must have gotten shit things.
Shut up, Summer.
Who the fuck is new? New.
Man, we gotta all give it up for Rick,
because I mean, what kind of motherfucker just sets up a whole festival like this
when he's completely loaded, man?
And all that stuff I said about Vance, that's not real.
Vance, fuck that guy. That guy sucks dick.
Whoo!
Yeah!
Yo, did I get paid yet?
Whoo!
I can't believe we're getting gear cream with a vindicator.
So, you girls in gear college or gear...
Elite terror attack!
Okay, sounds like a job for... me?
I better go get into my alter ego.
So cool!
Oh, no.
Wait, what alter ego? He was already wearing the jacket.
Gotta know when to hold him in...
In the dark!
Did you get any of that?